The Joe Rogan experience.
Let's go to your store, explain to everybody what happened with you.
Okay. Mm. I mean, I'm not sure how about how far back you want me to start,
but.
How you getting kicked off Twitter?
Okay. So, I mean,
I was one of the only people in Canada who was talking
about gender identity critically. Um, I'm not saying that to big myself up.
It was very annoying. Cause I obviously was like targeted.
So there was Jordan Peterson, um,
who spoke out and then there was me and then there was like a couple other
people and I was pretty vocal about it. Um,
I first started talking about it back in like 20 16,
20 17 because the liberal government was pushing through bill C 16,
which was our gender identity legislation. Um, so they were,
they were trying to and succeeded in, cause the bill passed,
incorporate gender identity into the, um, human rights code,
um, and the criminal code.
And I went and testified against that bill
to say like this bill shouldn't pass, um,
it'll have a negative impact on women's rights, which before.
The people that don't know what the bill, what it means,
could you explain what it means? Cause some folks aren't hip to the argument.
Right. And also that Canada,
we should explain Canada does not have a first amendment.
So you don't have freedom of speech over there.
You have the human rights council. Right. So,
and then if laws violate, if, uh,
rather some of your speech violates the laws that they put in place,
you can literally be arrested.
Yeah. You can you go through a human rights tribunal? Um,
and so, I mean the law didn't actually,
it was very vague. Like it didn't specifically say for example, you know,
if you mis-gender somebody that's a hate crime or hate speech or something like
that,
all it did was to say that gender identity and gender expression essentially
needed to be protected under the law. Just like whatever race,
um, other sort of marginalized identities or whatever. Um,
and what we thought would happen,
which did happen is that it would sort of direct policy. Um,
and it would mean that, you know,
anybody could use any bathroom or change room.
It would mean that men would have to be allowed in transition houses and women's
shelters if they identified as women, um,
it would mean that men could be transferred to female prisons if they identified
as women, essentially like to me,
the concept of gender identity, nullifies sex, like you can't have both,
you can't say either you are a woman and you're a woman because you're
female or you identify as a woman, you can't, you can't do both.
And then anybody of course can identify as a woman. Um,
I'm sort of going about this a long way, but, um, yeah,
I was just worried about the implications. Uh, I testified at the Senate,
Jordan Peterson, are you okay?
And so essentially, like I was the loudest feminist voice in Canada,
um, by far and I was tweeting about these issues. Um,
I was asking questions about gender identity. I was sort of saying like,
what does this mean? Like I said, one of the tweets that I,
my account was locked down for was, um,
what's the difference between a man and a trans woman. Um,
and I wasn't saying that to try to be rude. Um, I was saying like, somebody,
please explain what happens to a man between him being
a man and then him being a trans woman. Do you know what I mean?
Like if he hasn't had any surgeries or anything like that,
not that I think that a surgery can change your sex, but like, what is it?
So now yesterday he was a man today.
He identifies as a woman or a trans woman what's happened here.
What does this mean? Like, it, it was just so nonsensical. It's just, uh,
a belief system. Right.
And you get even worse. Right. But you,
you can decide to go back and forth throughout the day. Yeah. I mean,
people have, they've allowed that this is, this is also accepted. Like you,
you can be gender fluid and you can be gender fluid depending upon your mood
multiple times a day.
Right. And th yeah. And that's what the concept of gender identity does.
It's just an identity. It's just something you say, like,
it could be something you feel, but it's just a proclamation.
There's no material reality involved. There's nothing concrete.
There's nothing you can point to. Um, you know, essentially like it's,
it's a kin to a religion as far as I'm concerned. It's faith-based right. Um,
so, you know,
I feel like these laws are in a way sort of in forcing
religion on people. Like, it's like, they're enforcing this, like faith-based.
Religion. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, you could call it progressive,
but it's of course not progressive.
It's just weird and nonsensical and has a terrible impact on women. But, um,
so one of the tweets that I was locked down for was that one, you know,
what's the difference between a man and a trans woman? Um.
Just a question. Yeah. And so they suspended you for that.
Yeah. They locked down my account and they're like,
you have to delete this tweet. If you want your account back, I appealed it.
It was every time I've appealed to anything, it's just been totally ignored.
They don't explain why they never tell me what rules I break either or did
break. Right. Like they never said, they say hateful conduct,
but they don't say, oh, it's this specific rule.
Like you're not allowed to mis-gender or dead name or whatever it would be.
I mean, I don't even know what rule that would break saying, like,
what's the difference between a man and a trans woman? Um,
the other tweet of course, was men or women,
which wasn't targeted at anybody. I wasn't saying you're not a woman.
It was like part of a thread.
It was part of a conversation that was back and forth. And I was like,
but men aren't women. That was one of them that got me locked down again.
And then, well, yeah.
Like literally like denying biology.
I mean, so what I think, I don't know, because again,
no one's really explained anything to me.
No one from Twitter has communicated with me. No one said what I did wrong.
So I'm just guessing.
They said, yeah, they said that you were told to delete the tweet,
but you took a screenshot of it and you deleted it,
but then re posted the screenshot.
That I didn't know that I wasn't allowed to do that when I did that.
So I wasn't trying to be a Dick, like trying to be like, you.
I was so mad. I was like, are you serious?
Like I got banned for saying like men or women for asking these really basic
question.
That was their justification to me as to why they banned you for the rest of
your life. Well, just bananas. Yeah.
You're the,
there's the example that I bring up when I talk about this idea that you can
just ban people for saying things that are factually
correct. Maybe politically insensitive, you know,
dependent upon the current climate, but factually correct. Biologically,
correct? Scientifically. Correct. Maybe might say that it's not kind like,
but what is wrong with being,
are we really deciding that there's certain rules that we
want to apply in regards to progressive thinking
that bypass or supersede biology?
Is that what we're doing? Because when you say a man,
if you say a man is never a woman, that's what you said that.
Aren't women, men, aren't women, aren't women. That's.
A fact and are not women.
Now I believe in trans women,
I think there are people that have gender dysphoria.
And I think there are people that are happier if they identify as a woman
dressed as a woman are treated like a woman or are, or, you know,
use a woman's name and people describe them as a woman. It's,
it's obviously real right there. The obviously exists.
I think, I mean, sure. Like I could buy that.
There's such a thing as gender dysphoria.
So you have some kind of like mental condition or mental illness.
I'm not trying to be mean. I swear to God, like people get like triggered,
if you say like a mental illness, but I'm like,
you literally think you're something that you're not like,
you literally believe you're a male. You actually believe you're a woman.
That's a form of mental illness. Fine.
It doesn't mean you're a bad person and I don't care.
What if you want to dress in women's clothes. If you want to wear makeup,
if you want to get cosmetic surgeries, if you want to change your name,
go for it. Like, do whatever makes you feel better. That's fine.
But I'm not going to lie to comfort you or whomever else.
Um,
so I don't even agree that like gender dysphoria means there's such a thing as a
trans, like, to me, I'm still like, this concept doesn't make any sense.
What's a trans woman. Like, what does it mean? Do you have to be on hormones?
Do you have to have a bunch of surgeries? Do you have to have like a Neo vagina?
We are because of like,
it's very strict that you must accept that people are trans women,
but then like what defines a trans woman is completely open to
interpretation. It's it's the,
the person who decides whatever identity they identify with
male, female, whatever it is, it's up to them. It's up to them.
Whether they have surgery, it's up to them. Whether they take hormones,
it's up to them, whatever you can do, absolutely nothing.
You could have a full beard and say, you're a woman with a penis,
functional testicles, no problem at all. And you could say,
you're a woman and everyone has to agree.
Speaking of which, um, the,
the final tweet that I was actually banned for it.
So they locked me down for those two things. Right.
And then the final straw for them was one. I said, yeah,
it's him in reference to Jessica Yaniv, who was once Jonathan?
Um, if you recall,
he was the man in Vancouver who was going around to local estheticians and
asking them to give him a Brazilian bikini wax. Um,
and he is fully a man. I mean.
Fully man, intact testicles, intact penis.
Yeah. Everything. I mean,
and also a crazy person and a major creep,
like any he's messaging, these women on face Facebook. Um,
I think sometimes under like a fake photo and name.
So maybe with like a woman's photo and women's name, that's not him.
And then they would realize that he was a man,
I guess maybe if they talked to him on the phone or something like that.
And they'd be like, no, sorry. Like we don't offer this service to men.
And he would accuse him of transphobia and essentially try to extort money out
of them. And when that didn't work, I guess he decided he wanted to. I mean,
again, he's a crazy person.
So we can't take this as representative of very much other than the fact that
he's like a grifter and a crazy person, but you know,
to take them all to the human rights tribunal, um,
to say he's being discriminated against, but this is exactly,
exactly the perfect example of what happens.
If you just say anybody's a woman and you just have to accept it.
He has a penis, he has balls. He obviously looks like a man at that time,
he was still using his male name, um,
in various places like on Facebook,
some other places I think on Twitter at that time, he was, um,
maybe using both names. Um, but there was,
there was nothing to show me that he was a woman. So I said, yeah,
it's him. I figured out that it was him. Um,
and then I was permanently banned. Yeah. And that was in November.
And that was it. I appealed. They were like, Nope, sorry, hateful conduct again.
Didn't tell me what rule I broke 20 minutes after I was banned.
I was banned on Friday night. I was at the bar. It was like, what the?
I'm trying to have fun. Um, 20 minutes after I was mad pink news,
which is like a, like LGBT news site. Um,
they send articles saying Twitter has a new rule against mis-gendering
and deadnaming. And I was like, oh,
this is a really funny coincidence that this 20 minutes after I was banned
for some rule that they didn't specify,
but I can only assume was mis-gendering
mis-gendering a man. Who's a predator.
And who was still going by his male name and various places on the internet.
Whoops. So, I mean, he should have been banned too for mis-gendering himself.
Good point. Thank you. It's it's just so weird.
Cause it's the one area that, uh,
there's no room for. Oh, there's no room for interpretation.
There's no room for debate or nuance. It's just like,
you cannot mis-gender you cannot DET name. You cannot like.
10 You're cruel and horrible. If you.
Do. Yeah. They're cruel and horrible to you.
Yeah. I mean the things that people aren't banned for on Twitter, I mean,
I have been like subject to countless death threats. Like you should die.
You get the wall, you should go to the Gulag. Like people show, you know,
like people say horrible things to me online. I honestly don't care.
Like I'm like, it's the internet. People say horrible things.
I'm not gonna crumble or feel hoarder offended because somebody says some to me
on Twitter,
but you can't even say he to somebody who's
declared themselves a woman or you're essentially guilty of hate.
Speech or they can call you stupid and.
Worse. Believe.
It or not. What's.
Worse. Like, I don't know.
Kill yourself. You turf.
My favorite trans exclusionary radical feminist watch the
entire episode for free only on Spotify.